What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

    By running git init, Git creates a .git directory in which it stores the
    metadata needed to track the history of the repository. It's necessary to do
    it, so that Git knows in which directory the files, that we want to put
    under version control, are.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

    The working directory contains all the files we are working on, saved on the
    hard drive. The repository, we initialize in it, starts empty. The staging
    area is the area where we add files from the working directory, in order to
    include them in our next commit to the repository. With this approach, we
    have the control over exactly which files we want to commit. For example,
    this allows us to commit following a logical scheme.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

    I can bundle all changes related to a logical change in the staging area, in
    order to include them in one commit. Before committing, I can compare the
    working directory with the staging area with git diff to verify that all the
    changes are included. I can also compare the staging area with the last
    commit with git diff --stage.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

    Branches could be helpful when we want to implement a new (experimental)
    feature while leaving our production code untouched. This way, we still have
    our working version for others to use while we continue to work on the code.
    We can organize our projects with branches. For example, we can have a
    production branch, a development branch, and an experimental features
    branch. We could also use branches for bug fixes. With different branches,
    we could explore different directions for our code to grow in parallel. We
    can stop working on one thing and continue to work on something else.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

    Representing the history as a tree helps to visualize the branch structure.
    I can easily see at which commit a new branch was created without checking
    the log of every branch separately.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

    When we merge branch2 into branch1, a new commit is created with the
    combined changes from both branches and the tip of branch1 is updated to the
    new commit. Now, all the commits from branch2 are reachable on branch1.
    That's why both branches are linked to the new commit in the diagram.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

    Git's approach to automatic merging is very conservative. When conflicts are
    detected, we're asked to resolve them manually. This is safer than trying to
    resolve them automatically, which is more likely to cause problems. When
    there are no conflicts, the automation saves us time. If we always do merges
    manually, we always have the control, but it's slower.
